I'm looking for my brother mutsuo
Corinne
call me bitch baby one more time see
what happens I'm not at liberty to
discuss him right now I'm gonna give it
a little more of like a hey bro I'm a
douche bag man like I'm gonna give it
one of those more things bro hey bro hey
bro hey brah I'm just trying to say that
to get myself in the zone there's a big
pool how many bodies you think fitting
here I want to say lot looks like a lot
yo mijo I don't think you should have
busted through that police barricade it
really seem like they want our restless
now it did cut our trip down yes that is
true
thanks for koto silver linings we
stopped at Burger King Shrek toy we've
been driving around for hours looking
for that one Shrek toy you're gonna have
to settle for Dairy Queen joke's on you
it was a big cop-out I actually wanted
Dairy Queen oh yeah
well no Blizzard Haru what are you doing
huh Haru said we were gonna get baked
and watched Game of Thrones I want to
see some tits you really shouldn't be
smoking in here why what are you gonna
do tell Makoto I'm not gonna tell Makoto
you're gonna tell me koto aren't you you
you narc
Haru don't call me a narc or that what
you are gnarrk gnarrk gnarrk gnarrk
wahlberg hmm
narc Ruffalo not a narc please stop
calling me hmm narky Scorsese that one
doesn't even make sense and that gives
me longest road which is enough victory
points to win Settlers of Catan I hate
this game why it's so much fun who never
trades with me I need sheep and he has
brick I need the brick I don't need any
sheep he doesn't eat can we just play
something else like life we're sorry I
wanna play Monopoly nobody wants to play
Monopoly Haru
okay so we're just gonna play slappers
we're gonna playing complex no I want to
be our job nobody's gonna be our job
okay we already established that nobody
plays odd job just be jaws I don't want
to be jaws I want to be odd job just
play
Jos Haru all settled you play Goldeneye
you said that was fun
I wanted to play Mario Kart nobody else
wanted to play Mario Kart you get way
too intense when you play Mario Kart
it's a serious game mcbowser I play to
win